[Doc] Revamp ray core design patterns doc [14/n]: map reduce (#29469)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-core/patterns/map-reduce.rst

> Pattern: Using tasks to achieve MapReduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pattern: Using tasks to execute MapReduce
```

=========================================

In this pattern, Ray remote tasks can be used to implement the MapReduce paradigm.
For the ``map`` stage, we can submit multiple tasks to process data in a distributed and parallel fashion.

> For the ``reduce`` stage, we use :ref:`ray.get() <ray-get-ref>` (or implicitly via task arguments) to fetch the results of each of these tasks and aggregate on them.

Reviewer: Remove ray.get() part since this is not recommended and it's also not used in the examples.

> We can also have many ``map`` stages and many ``reduce`` stages.

Reviewer: Not sure what this means.

Pattern: Using tasks to execute MapReduce
=========================================

In this pattern, Ray remote tasks can be used to implement the MapReduce paradigm.
For the ``map`` stage, we can submit multiple tasks to process data in a distributed and parallel fashion.
For the ``reduce`` stage, we use task arguments to fetch the results of each of these map tasks implicitly and aggregate on them.

.. note::

>   It's generally recommended to use the high level Ray :ref:`Datasets <datasets>` library to do MapReduce than the low level Ray tasks.
>   The relevant APIs are :meth:`map_batches <ray.data.Dataset.map_batches>`, :meth:`aggregate <ray.data.Dataset.aggregate>` and :meth:`groupby <ray.data.Dataset.groupby>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It's generally recommended to use the high level Ray :ref:`Datasets <datasets>` library for data transformations rather than building MapReduce directly with Ray tasks.
  For example, you can use Datasets APIs like :meth:`map_batches <ray.data.Dataset.map_batches>`, :meth:`aggregate <ray.data.Dataset.aggregate>` and :meth:`groupby <ray.data.Dataset.groupby>`.
```

Example use case
----------------

Use Ray tasks to calculate the sum of a doubled list of integers in a MapReduce fasion.

.. figure:: ../images/map-reduce.svg

>     Map and reduce

Reviewer: Can we provide a bit more explanation of what is happening in the figure? Also, could we make the figure a single-round reduce instead of tree? Tree reduce is not as common, I think, and you can mention how it would look in the caption instead of showing it.
